Hello guys
I came to show you today.
eyeliner an adhesive that is super
practical and good for those who do not have much
ability with the normal eyeliner or
simply that is the very practicality
because he does the hard work for you
which is straight from the top and do the
whole risk
so come on, look, I got the
chapel I cut what I wanted and
I rounded the bottom of the company
line of eyeliner is to measure the eyes
also looks he got redondinho take
Giving In The Eyes Shot Plastic Quino He
is it that no tattoo knows that
Tattoo boy, that's it, that's going to put
eyes in the place you want to put
the eyeliner
I 'm taking a cotton swab over the
makeup even it does not spoil
make-up or you can do all the
normal makeup on the eyelid and then
put the eyeliner while net and a
tea with him of water and I'll put it
part afternoon in the eyeliner knowing that
he will stick to his eyes will not
spoil the makeup I repeat you can
do it right, then you should go
well look at everything
This is the first time I was
placing already on video not
I tested before the video, okay? I tested it.
straight into the video
So I pick up a little bit to
first time
although for being the first time I think
That's pretty cool.
now I took it when he's okay
wet it already loose whole then
you do not have trouble taking notes
which was a gap between the top
and the underside
that we can count on the
eyeliner then but there but then which
it is the advantage is much easier you
complete only the bottom of what
you make the whole risk agree
if you do not have much way for this
risk is ready you only paint there where
I'm missing, and yes, I'm going to put it now.
other side you will notice that the other
I put it on and it was different from
first
it's this symmetry you go with time
wearing eyeliner I believe
can you get it right just
anyway he may have fixed
with the eyeliner itself at the end is here
O putting it on I've already cut it
It's not eye-measurement to see if it's
all right he got a little more
into what the other
another with a little more out looks only
look well
with him very wet he releases the
paper
is the same principle of that tattoo of
mouth goes beyond books is also well
cool that we even have on the site to
sell also
Look, he's just a little bit longer for
within which the other
plus the other with a little more
stretched the corner but that's what we're going to
Fixing the eyeliner, then I got
in the gel liner to pack
look at and see the difference it was is
the same taxi I put of the same
even though I put it aside
I put the other's personal difference
here I put another one over there
I put it over here
now I'm cleaning the eyeliner
now is the following you can paint only the
bottom and stretch the bottom
end in the case here that was what I
needed to do
Only I went to dress up
and I ended up the top part was half
and it was the first time I had been
putting and do not know
Then I started to pull it, it ended up getting
thicker than it should have been
ugly i liked it
however it is has the thicker eyeliner on
own chapel and that was not how the zoe
leave the thinner so be careful
Just not to do this bullshit right there.
but if you do you do not have a problem alone
one look at that I'm going to get you in the end
it will be cool
because the good gel eyeliner I
I prefer who has already won but other videos
You know I prefer Rangel Eyeliner.
because it slides very easy and he
does not erase is much more accurate than
others
then even for those who have more difficulty
with eyeliner or eyeliner in general is
excellent / good people O're almost there
I'm already on top of the makeup
all that was ready
eyeliner is ready
It's right there on the site to sell.
Any doubt migrate has a kiss for who
it gets boring